Update README.md (#160)
microsoft/Trieste: README.md

# Project Trieste

Project Trieste is a term rewriting system designed for rapidly prototyping programming languages.
Trieste provides three C++ DSLs to enable the rapid prototyping:

* Parsing - Enables generation of an untyped abstract syntax tree (AST) from one or many input files.

> * Rewriting - Enables the restructuring of the AST to simplify, analyse, and elaborate to alternative representations.

Author: ```suggestion
* Rewriting - Enables the restructuring and analysis of the AST. It can be used to simplify, elaborate to alternative representations, and lower to backend IRs or bytecodes.
```

* Well-formedness - Trieste provides a DSL for checking that the current AST conforms to a specification. 

> Using the well-formedness definitions Trieste can rapidly harden a language by automatically checking conformance to the specification,
> and additionally fuzz testing each rewriting pass conforms with its specification.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the well-formedness definitions Trieste can rapidly harden a language by automatically checking conformance to the specification.
Additionally, Trieste uses the well-formedness definitions to generate test cases to fuzz each rewriting pass conforms with its specification.
```
